so that completes the interaction between the various controls themselves.
So now we really want to focus on the buttons when the user has made their choices.
The cancel button is straightforward.
That just means changed my mind.
So we just want to get rid of the form,
basically.
So we double click on Cancel Click is the default,
which is what you need for a button on.
We simply say unload.
May me,
of course,
is this keyword that we keep using every time we want to refer to the form,
so that if we take our code to a different form,
it still functions because me will refer to that new form.
Now we come to create.
So here we're interested in reading the choices that they've made Andi use in those choices
to generate a new document.
So the values we're going to read are the text,
both the title in the order and the attributes associated with them.
The font,
the bold,
the italic and,
of course,
the size and the other thing will need is the book size which option button have they
selected?
So let's declare our variables so well.
Dim D O.
C.
book as documents and to right inside.
It will dim R N g book as range,
and it would also be a good idea to create a couple of single variables to hold the values
for the with and white of the book based on the option buttons that the user chooses.
So let's dim SNG with a single on SNG height as single.
So there are variables.
Let's first populate our document variable so sets don't book equals documents.
Start add on sets or injury book equal to Don't book that range.
Let's then calculate the required within height for the book.
And,
of course,
to do that,
to use an if statement.
So if I may got opts and we'll just do them in the same order and Mr Listed Point only
eight I don't value it is true.
Man SNG with equals five Sng Heights,
he calls eight,
and then we can just copy that and inside and else and inserts 25 25 and then 0.25 0.25
that we can copy this again.
Now we want 5.5 8.5 on.
If it's none of the above,
we won't s entry with to be six and sng height to be nine.
And I think it might be an idea to actually have 58 at the bottom since that's our sort of
prefer default.
So I'm just gonna switch these around.
So if we make this five eight,
then we can have six line here.
Not a big deal.
But it just seems logical that if five biases our default,
that should be the value which actually kicks in on the else safe.
None of the above the truth.
Then the default becomes the else.
So that's the size sorted out and were then ready to use the paid set up object to apply
those attributes so we can use them with statements with TOC book No paid set up and with
Let's Start With the Page with and height Docked Age Heights he caused.
And of course,
we can't simply say sng height because that would be treated as points so we can use this
useful function interest two points on,
then SNG height goes in parentheses.
Then we do the same for the wit,
and then we can do the margins.
Don't left equals month went to five.
And then let's just copy those for top and bottom,
so we'll have top as 1.25 bossem as one.
So that's how documents set up.
You know,
we can put some content in it.
We sets our are N G to be the range inside the book,
which,
of course,
is a blank range.
Hence is equivalent to the flashing cursor.
The insertion point so we can simply say orangey book,
no text equals made up txt title value and perhaps follow that with the VCR carriage return
and also proceeded with a couple Cree VCR after sand,
the VCR on the side.
Then we can set the front.
So let's say with orangey put,
don't hunt So not name we can read from me.
Don't CEO title from the size may not txt.
Title size valued the bold May don't chk title be and the metallic So that's the title
sorted out.
And then we've just got to insert the author at the end.
Possible collapse.
The range orangey book Don't Collapse Direction W Day collapse and and then we'll insert
out text and we can use exactly the same pattern to format it so here.
I'm just going to use replace control.
Late Skytel author Selected texts Replace all.
So let's save journalist test.
Let's make it 36 points and 18 There's on your document,
but I can't scroll down because my dialog box is still visible.
So the final thing we need to do is to make the dialog box go away.
Once we've created the new document,
so cancel for the moment and just add the unload me line that we saw earlier.
So unload me.
Let's get rid of our unwanted documents.
There's Ah,
Skytel and author,
and I'll just add in a line to actually center all of that.
And then we're done.
So let's just put it here.
Orangey book.
Don't paragraph formats don't alignment equals center on that.
We can just do one final test.
There we are.
And just before we finish,
let's create a macro which can show the form.
So we're going to modules section seven.
So this will be sub Yes,
dear.
705 I so form on,
and it's gonna bay this form Not so Double click in a user form.
Control creates an event handler which uses the default event for that control.
If this is not the required event,
choose another event from the procedure dropped down in the top right of the code window
and deletes the default event procedure to synchronize the value of a spend button with
that of a text field at a line of code to the change event procedure of the spin button.
Using this syntax text box name dot value equals spin,
but in the name dot value,
similar syntax can be used to read values from combo boxes to text feels etcetera.